Update readme description for auth refresh tokens (#27)
lightbend/kalix-action: README.md

# Kalix CLI for GitHub Actions

> This action provides a wrapper for the [Kalix CLI](https://docs.kalix.io/kalix/index.html). The action executes whatever commands you specify, and requires you've created an [authentication token](https://docs.kalix.io/reference/kalix/kalix_auth_tokens_create.html) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action provides a wrapper for the [Kalix CLI](https://docs.kalix.io/kalix/index.html). The action executes whatever commands you specify, and requires you've created an [authentication token](https://docs.kalix.io/operations/integrate-cicd-github-actions.html) first.
```

It could also be your suggestion.. but maybe this page adds more context?
